The theme "never visit uninvited" any one’s place even if your father’s or the
most loved one’s. There is some sense in this saying. we find such instances in
our ancient religious texts. Here in support of this dictum. The shrimad
bhagvata mahapuranam describes a story of goddess parvati and her consort lord
Shiva. Ma (mother) giriraj kishori was an incarnation of Sati. Sati was the
daughter of daksh prajapati who was the son of lord brahma. brahma is the
originator of this universe. The trinity brahma, vishnu and Mahesh (Shiva) are
responsible for the origin, governance and destruction of this universe. Sati
was dear beloved to lord Mahesh and always wished to have lord mahes as her
consort. With great penance she was granted her wish to get married to lord
Mahesh in the present birth. But daksh prajapati was not happy and he developed
animosity with lord Mahesh.

Once daksh prajapati organised a yagna at his place and invited other gods and
their spouses but did not extend invitation to lord Mahesh and Sati although the
letter happened to be his son-in-law and daughter respectively. Sati however got
the news of this event from others. she prayed the lord Shiva to permit her to
attend the event but the lord refused by saying "one should never visit anyone
uninvited". Despite that Sati visited her father's place and she was not
welcomed by anyone in the family. Enraged by this attitude she jumped in the
fireplace (hawan kundi) and lost her life.

The sad news came to lord Shiva. He also became very angry and created
veerbhadra who went to the place of daksh prajapati and killed him.

What lesson we get from this is that we should never visit any place uninvited.
This is available in chapters 1-5 of skanda 4 of Shrimad bhagvata mahapuranam.

In the present scenario we should make it a point that we don't visit any place
uninvited and more so become very choosy in visiting any place even with
extensive warm invitation to prevent the spread of Covid-19. This is more true
in the case of children who are innocent but they should be prevented and should
be advised to follow this dictum.
